project-5-authentication/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Add project 5 with github authentication. It provide the user create a post and each user is related to the created post. The comments CRUD and display need to be worked. I tried to keep my attention on the authentication and the user data catched with the github provider.

project-5-authentication/README.md, after:

# Next.js 14 Project with Tailwind CSS and Authentication using Supabase

## Description

This project is an application built with Next.js 14 that requires users to log in to access specific information and functionalities. It uses Tailwind CSS for design and Supabase with the GitHub provider for authentication. The application is designed to demonstrate a secure system for authentication and session management, with mandatory functionalities such as new user registration and login for existing users.

## Features

- **Next.js 14**: A React framework for building fast and scalable web applications.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A CSS framework for creating responsive and stylish designs.
- **Supabase**: A backend-as-a-service platform used for authentication and database management.
- **GitHub Authentication**: Users can register and log in using their GitHub accounts.

## Requirements

- **Do not store sensitive data without encryption on the client-side**: Passwords, session tokens, and other sensitive data are not stored without encryption.
- **Separation of front-end and back-end responsibilities**: Clear separation of responsibilities between the frontend and backend.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js 14**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Supabase**
- **GitHub OAuth Provider**

## Installation and Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (recommended LTS version)
- Supabase account
- GitHub account

### Steps

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
   cd your-repository
   ```
